NMS-14014: Bind Minion to privileged ports (#5151)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/minion/introduction.adoc

= Minion

> A Minion is an instance of the Karaf OSGi service that enables OpenNMS to monitor devices and services in locations that OpenNMS cannot reach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Minion is an instance of the Karaf OSGi service that enables {page-component-title} to monitor devices and services in locations that  {page-component-title} cannot reach.
```

Minions communicate with these remote devices while OpenNMS performs coordination and task delegation.

> Minions can operate behind a firewall and network address translation (NAT) as long as they can communicate with OpenNMS via an ActiveMQ or Apache Kafka message broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minions can operate behind a firewall and network address translation (NAT) as long as they can communicate with  {page-component-title} via an ActiveMQ or Apache Kafka message broker.
```

`CAP_NET_RAW` and `CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE` capabilities are assigned out of the box, allowing you to bind Minions to privileged ports (less than `1024`).

Use Minions to monitor devices and services in hard-to-reach, remote network locations.
Minions provide the following benefits:

* No need to set up and maintain a large set of firewall rules for multiple management protocols.
* Avoid the difficulty of communicating with managed devices over unreliable networks, using UDP-based management protocols.
* Simplify network communication to the message broker.

== How it works

A Minion monitors all the managed nodes and IP services in the same location (for example, Pittsboro office, building-3).

> The Minion communicates with the message broker, which in turn communicates with the OpenNMS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Minion communicates with the message broker, which in turn communicates with the core instance.
```
